why do people have protests because they
don't want to feel powerless they don't
want to feel alone they want to gather
together with like-minded people who
share their political convictions who
share their objectives and for that one
afternoon for those few hours they want
to feel like they're the ones shouting
and not the ones being shown a tad but
guess what the fact that you're shouting
doesn't mean you're being heard and the
pathetic state of the vegan movement in
Canada gives us many object lessons we
can learn from I saw the announcement
made and very carefully edited videos
here on YouTube that once again the so
called nation rising group is gonna hold
their protest on Parliament Hill in
Ottawa Canada and those those very
carefully made propaganda messages this
one here look nine views on YouTube nine
it's in it's in single digits guess what
people the fact that you're shouting
doesn't mean that anyone is listening
the fact that you believe in the message
and you believe in your methods doesn't
mean you're you're making a difference
doesn't mean you're reaching the public
definitely doesn't mean you're lobbying
Parliament successfully so the vegan
movement as a whole in Canada has been
failing and is a failure but this is an
especially extreme example of failure
and I've tried to engage with them I've
tried to talk to people or involve this
organisation by email and by Facebook
message primarily any of you guys want
to talk to me on skype please do but in
terms of the pathos of the protester I
think it is even more pathetic when they
cling to this idea of radicalism that
they're revolutionaries and that's
exactly the marketing strategy that
so-called nation rising has done what
they don't say hey we're a reasonable
bunch of people trying to make a change
to the tax code which what they're
trying to do right they don't say hey
we're against government corruption and
we don't really want the meat and dairy
industry corrupting our democracy and
our democracy putting money to be no no
they don't stall it that way and they
all
so don't present themselves as having a
vegan message which for us has always
raised a lot of red flags it's very very
spirited to you but you know their idea
of lobbying is once a year to go to
Ottawa and scream at people in
Parliament you know holding signs as
those parliamentarians go in to take
their seats and to do their day's work
as if they don't get screamed at every
day and people that's it's not lobbying
it's not an effective use of your time
it's not even an effective use of the
time of the people who are being
screamed at so guys as this year as this
year's protest in Ottawa Canada is
coming up once again I'll give you the
link below this video if any of you want
to go I'm gonna send out an email
inviting anyone in this organization to
talk to me or have me possibly involved
I genuinely think that the event they
had last year would have been more
successful and more meaningful if they
had involved me and it's a peculiar
arity today that when I'm searching
YouTube for videos on this topic my
videos my videos criticizing them and it
is constructive criticism have far more
views than the videos they made either
promoting their event or with lectures
that are that are taking from that event
ultimately look this may sound strange
coming from someone who's uploaded over
a thousand lectures to YouTube but I
have please know what it's pointless
people don't want to be lectured people
don't want to travel across the country
just to stand there and listen to a
lecture that they already agree with I
heard from a friend of a friend just now
just today the friend of a friend said
she was frustrated with shoveling manure
on an animal shelter that she came to
the conclusion look whatever the future
the vegan movement is the way to build
the future of the vegan movement is not
going to be shoveling poo on a farm it's
not going to be sweeping and cleaning up
after no this can't be it this can't be
the effect of former vegan activism well
you know the conclusion we all got to
come to in the case of this particular
organization I wish they'd come to it
sooner rather than later is that the
future of the vegan movement isn't going
to BP
getting together and patting themselves
in the back it isn't gonna be a crowd of
people who are already vegan standing
around and listening to one another give
lectures about how morally pure and
wonderful veganism is what is it they're
actually calling for this is the weird
thing this is the paradoxical thing what
they're calling for isn't revolutionary
what they're calling for is an end to
government subsidies for the meatpacking
industry and they want the government to
chef support for farmers making the
transition you know so that farmers
don't suddenly become unemployed
overnight yeah which is great
like you know I think they're about us
page has some really good really good
information I think it's good well okay
there's about six ounces here yeah but
that's that's their platform they want
to end government subsidies they want to
help farmers with that transition and
they even say we are a love based
movement we are not trying to destroy
farmers so this is this is really
paradoxical so why would you say it's
not a protest it's a revolution why
wouldn't you say look guys this isn't a
revolutionary movement this is a totally
reasonable request to amend the tax code
to amend how taxation works in Canada
and here's how we're going to accomplish
it here's the plan we're gonna do it the
same way PCRM does the same way any
other lobbying for for government
changes it makes no sense instead what
they want to do is front on some kind of
left-wing radical
aesthetic I wrote I wrote to nation
rising up sorry yeah this was called
t-shirts such not nation uprising nation
rising right got it
it's like cake rising anyway look new
pricing I wrote to them I get a reply
from someone in DXE to me that's a
really bad sign
oh well I don't want to be part of the
XE you know this is a this is a choice
I've made after doing real research I
want to know who you people are and what
you represent and yes what your agenda
is I've already said agenda is not a bad
word well your objectives are and I
think of the 21st century every right to
know I don't have to make this political
decision any more on the basis of just a
pamphlet we should be able to know more
this about who you are what you
represent and what methods you're gonna
use to pursue it you say it's not just a
protest you say it's a revolution okay
so you can occupy a building are you
gonna burn it down what you say it's not
a protest so what am I being invited to
a revolution are you gonna shoot people
to the head that's what revolutionaries
do are you gonna burn down buildings are
you gonna barricade a street these are
legit questions and the fact that you
are DXE that as soon as I write to you
the reply I get is from DXE DXE endorses
various forms of quote violence against
property unquote which leads to violence
against human beings as one of leads to
so they're making murky claims and that
their website doesn't really have that
much okay you're right it doesn't have
that much information it just would
pretty much just right at all yeah yeah
I think maybe they are under the
impression that it could make their
movement look edgy and people to it but
to me I think that kind of signals that
it's maybe unorganized or shoddy like
they don't really know what what people
are being invited to do at this point is
my impression that I you from looking at
this website it's like you know if you
if you're going to put up a website and
invite people to do something you should
have like clear goals and you say what
about your agenda you said you should
have a full platform like Bernie Sanders
you use that comparison we actually
suppose of what he's gonna do and and
how it's gonna do it it would be more
professional and it would attract a
different character of people I think
well if you're asking people to sign up
and donate their time donate their money
and attend a protest that is not a
protest that I want to know what it is
what am i doing any money to who am I
being associated with and so on you know
and again for me it's if it's DXE I
don't I don't want to play I mean really
people like to disrespect my truth but
the fact is that you
my name is I don't know